---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E4: Progress in Programming Report"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2023-11-21
published: true
labels:
  - MIS
---

1. My programming skills have greatly improved because prior to this class I knew basically nothing. Now I can create functions and for loops that can do cool stuff.

2. I need to work on debugging to improve my programming skills as I sometimes spend hours on simple errors and it makes me feel like an idiot afterwards.

3. I have learned a lot from doing POKEs as they covered crucial parts of our assignment like creating an invoice and store page. But I'll be honest, even though most of the WODs are really easy now, the recent ones may require me to google stuff to complete it.

4. The labs have helped me learn basic coding and things like server side processing but I feel that they did not prepare me that well for implementing these things in a project. I can do the labs with confidence after completing the first assignment.

5. I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1. I think I honestly learned more in this one assignment than in all of the labs combined. Of course, the labs did help as they covered the basics we need for a website,
but they didn't really prepare me that well for the actual assignment. So, I had to do a lot of googling to learn what I needed for my website to work. It was worth it though, due to the knowledge I gained from it.
I think I am ready to work on Assignment 2, but it still looks really daunting to me. It sounds very complicated.

6. I think the class could be improved if there was a way to have 3 assignments assigned throughout the semester instead of just cramming it all at the end. It would be less stressful in my opinion.

7. What helps me the most in this class is Professor Aurigemma's rewritten/rephrased directions and the use of using js files instead of cluttering our html files with scripts. The rewritten instructions make it a lot clearer
for me to understand and the use of seperate files for everything makes the code more organized.
